c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\NicePose.dll.config
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\NicePose.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\NicePose.pdb
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\obj\Debug\NicePose.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\obj\Debug\NicePose.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\obj\Debug\NicePose.pdb
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.pdb
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\nhatvhn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NicePose\NicePose\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\NicePose.dll.config
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\NicePose.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\NicePose.pdb
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\log4net.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Owin.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.pdb
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\log4net.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\obj\Debug\NicePose.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\obj\Debug\NicePose.dll
D:\NiceAdminPose\NicePose\obj\Debug\NicePose.pdb
